
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Attack ideas, not users. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, and other incivility violations can result in a permanent ban.

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.> “Those who can make you believe absurdities, can make you commit atrocities.”  -- voltaireThere you go, that's the unshakeable base.> The poll results were more resounding when it comes to the Electoral College: 72 percent say Trump won, compared to only 14 percent who say Clinton was the victor. Trump won 304 electoral votes, to Clinton’s 227. (There were seven faithless electors: Two of Trump’s electors defected to other candidates, as did five of Clinton’s.)

This is confusing. Does it mean that 14 percent of Trump supporters say Clinton won the *Electoral College*? What is frightening is how stuff like this is actually not considered a big deal just because it's about something so trivial.  These people literally live in an alternate reality.  They're delusional or will lie about anythying.  Tens of millions of people.Well after his win there was an article on a sketchy blog about how he won the popular vote.  So obviously he did.  My sister in law posted it and asked "can people stop protesting now?"Pew released a poll where they asked 'Who is leading DOJ investigation into Russia?' 

10% answered Sean Spicer.

https://mobile.twitter.com/kyledcheney/status/889868162140950529And Obama was an Atheist Muslim who caused Katrina, and Saddam had nuclear weapons, and global warming is a scientific conspiracy, and tax cuts for the rich help the little guy...

This shit is par for the course.One of the shittiest things about Trump supporters is that most of them are well aware that he lies constantly.  They support his lies and love him for it.  Uneducated, uninformed, ignorant, can't think critically.  This is your average Trump supporter.> when it comes to the Electoral College ... 14 percent who say Clinton was the victor.

WHAT? That's even more egregious than the popular vote.Conservatives: consistently reminding everyone that they are dumber than a bag of shit I can kind of understand folks who claim Trump's inauguration crowd was bigger than Obama's. The numbers are estimates--no one literally stood there with a clicker and counted every attendee--but all signs point to Obama's being bigger. So, while continuing to believe Trump's was bigger is lightspeed stupid and sad in its desperation, I can *kind of* begin to understand how they convince themselves of that. 

But this...there's no universe in which Trump came even close to winning the popular vote. And it's not an estimate, these are hard numbers counted by computers and shit. I'm assuming some folks believe 3-5 million people voted illegally. Others maybe don't realize electoral and popular votes are different numbers. But...fuckin google it, ya know? It's a little insane that we're at a point that we're arguing over something so cut and dry. I almost wish this poll had never been conducted because it's just depressing and a little scary to think how many people out there are dangerously deluded. There are two types of Trump voters, those who *HATE* Hillary Clinton and those who are just plain, old fashion morons.This is the natural progression from the conservative denial of climate change and the failure of free-market healthcare. When you deny one extant fact, you can deny them all. well, yeah. it's a bell curve. generally speaking, half of any random sampling will be below average.

so, the stupidest half of trump voters are **really** stupid.Proof positive that relentless propaganda works in this country. We should be scared. a. they don't know what the popular vote even is, and b. this is why Trump lies, to misinform his own supporters in order to sow confusion and distrust between people in America, just like Putin asked him to do.

Trump is just being a good little cock holster.It's a cult.  Why is anyone surprised by this?  Half "say" he did. But "all" know he didn't.

They are just as insecure as him.And yet Trump supporters get mad that we call them dumb.

Propaganda wins every timeIf you repeat a lie enough times... eh? This is why we're in the situation we're in. I've seen some that feel the looking threat is a constitutional crisis.  But the bigger issue is the looming *mental* crisis.  

The GOP relies on the denial of objective reality.  They live in a world where their facts are true and liberals are the ones that just can't see it.  The problem is, that world is so divorced from reality that any actions based on the "truths" of that world are going to fail like a fish assuming it can fly because both the sea and sky are blue. 

We know what Reaganism does.  Every single Republican President has had a recession in their first term since Reagan (and even before).  Since the end of WWII growth has averaged 2.5% under the GOP and 4% under Democrats.  Massive tax cuts in Kansas have dropped the states credit and put it below the rest of its region economically. 

And that is just one example.  We have very clear evidence that the GOP economic plan doesn't work, hasn't worked, and didn't work.  And yet in their world, the opposite is true.  California is failing, Reagan saved the country. 

A house built on lies and delusions cannot stand. It's like golf, right? Lowest score wins!They call everything they don't like "fake news" yet they constantly share fake news far-right wing memes all over social mediaI watched the trump rally yesterday and can understand why. It's like watching wrestling. Trump gets up there and rips off string after string of lies, like fucking endlessly, and they cheer and chant like wrestling. Trump has the "less educated" (as he called them) cornered. The truth means jack shit to them- Just winning, even if it's a lie.Facts weren't part of his election victory, no surprise they continue to eschew them.Trump:  So there's this Nigerian prince who needs you to give me your bank info and social security number.  

Trump Voters: Wow, a **prince**!!!  Do I write it down or just tell it to you?Damn. Cult mentality is terrifying. 
"Here are actual facts"
"Nope. Liberal lies"
"No these were counted by independent parties, their only job is to count"
"Nope. Liberal lies and coverups" Half of Trump voters are completely deluded. The other half are varying degrees of deluded. If you are a sane, psychologically sound individual then avoid Trump supporters at all costs.  Don't buy from them, sell to them, hire them, or work for them.  They are either mentally lacking or have malicious intentions.It's sad that they yell fake news, then believe the 3 million illegal immigrant votes without any proof.Half of his voters are also idiots...They are also believe this pig is a Cristian who God choose. That's like what 12% of Americans? That's right around the number that believes every incredibly stupid thing listed in polls.  People still believe we didn't land on the moon or that AIDS was created in a military lab. Both conspiracies were created by the Soviet Union and were found in their records after the fall.

I still hear hicks saying it.same half that said they [would support trump if he shot someone](http://www.newsweek.com/trump-voters-republicans-overall-actually-dont-care-president-shoots-someone-638462)?Most likely the same ones who still think Saddam was involved in 9/11. Proof positive that propaganda lies in an age of easily accessible factual information,...STILL WORKS!Anyone remember when a third of Louisiana Republicans blamed Obama for the botched hurricane Katrina response, even though it was 3 years before he was elected? They seem to live in a bubble of perpetual denial and ignorance.

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/08/21/obama-hurricane-katrina_n_3790612.html

This is an interesting survey and I encourage anybody interested in political demographics (such as this title) to take a look. Yes, this title is correct, but it leaves out massive amounts of useful information. Check out the [full document](http://www.politico.com/f/?id=0000015d-7a14-d70f-a75d-fb14aa4d0000) or [summary document](http://www.politico.com/f/?id=0000015d-7a13-dad8-a1df-fe9b171c0000).

Indeed, in the full document, page 122, 49% of Trump voters do indeed think Trump won the popular vote. It's also interesting that 9% of Clinton voters also think Trump won the popular vote.

Another interesting piece comes on page 125, where only 69% of Clinton voters believe Trump won the Electoral College. 31% don't believe that, and only 22% believe Clinton won it, so it's curious how they think Trump became President. Same thing as above though, as only 87% of Trump voters think Trump won the Electoral college.

Another interesting piece in the summary document on page 1, Q172NET asks about Trump approval, at 43% approve of the job he is doing, with only 51% of voters disapproving. This was shocking to me based on headlines I've read for months now, but on [further analysis](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/trump-approval-ratings/), indeed Trump was way behind everybody else but at this point of his Presidency is about on par with Gerald Ford and has traded back and forth with Bill Clinton a few times. Trump is low, but steady. Others were popular but plummeted. That's interesting.

What is even more interesting on this question, in the [full poll document](http://www.politico.com/f/?id=0000015d-7a14-d70f-a75d-fb14aa4d0000), page 15, 10% of Hillary Clinton voters either strongly or somewhat approve of Trump's performance as President, compared to 12% of Trump voters either strongly or somewhat *disapprove*. I can understand the 12% abandoning ship, and surprised it's not more, but what explains 10% of Clinton voters thinking Trump is doing a good job? That's very unexpected.

When it comes to the "who do you trust more in Congress" questions, an interesting pattern emerges on the cross-party numbers:

- The economy (p.21): 12% of Clinton voters say Republicans, 7% of Trump voters say Democrats.
- Jobs (p.24): 11% of Clinton voters say Republicans, 8% of Trump voters say Democrats.
- Healthcare (p.27): 6% of Clinton voters say Republicans, 11% of Trump voters say Democrats
- Immigration (p.30): 11% and 9%
- Environment (p.33): 6% and 22%
- Energy (p.36): 9% and 13%
- Education (p.39): 7% and 14%
- National security (p.42): 17% and 6%
- If vote for congress today (p.45): 7% of Clinton voters would vote Republican and 7% of Trump voters would vote Democrat.

So it looks to me like for the non-partisan voters, good healthcare, environment, and education as associated with Democrats, and national security and maybe economy are associated with Republicans, with less so on jobs and immigration, but roughly 10% of voters for a major party willing to cross either way, and roughly split between them, and modulated by specific topics.

Really interesting stuff to understand the public once we get outside of ingroup/outgroup tribal partisanism.
What I don't get is if Clinton and the Democrats were in a concerted  effort to rig the election with *millions of votes*, why stop just shy of winning?Breaking news: stupid people are stupid.100% of Trump voters are fucking idiots so what do you expect.

edit: The other 50% didn't understand the question.I am not sure which half worries me more: the misinformed ones who support him, or the informed ones who still support him anyway despite his blatant lies about it.Fox news viewers are less informed than people who watch no news.  True story.Good thing most of them signed their own death certificates and theyll be leaving the voting pool sooner than later.Of course they do,  they're *morons. 

* trump supporters Christ these people are stupid as shit.This is why I realized that there is no point to discussing matters with Trump supporters. They made their choice. Now they're not allowed at the adult table.

The best way to deal with them is how we have dealt with other groups that broke America's social contract, like KKK members: you turn them into social lepers. You make it so unacceptable to be one that those capable of shame apologize for their actions and slink back to the crowd on their bellies. You shun them because it's the only response that won't drive you nuts.

I get it: everyone wants to pretend that this is just a matter of reaching out and convincing them. But how do you communicate with people who flatly reject reality? The answer is that you don't and can't, and that trying to engage with these people as if they're on everyone else's level is detrimental to our society. "Stupid is as stupid does."Post Truth is a thing I really don't care what trump voters think. At this point they're zoo exhibits.That's assuming they are informed and aware that he did not. A significant fraction of people just don't follow the news.Of course they do. Trump has been using the Nazi propaganda tactic of the Big Lie, which states that if you just keep repeating a big lie over and over then people will eventually believe it. I know you aren't supposed to compare other political leaders to Hitler, but in this case it's 100% true.For everyone who read 1984 and thought "how could it get like this?", I present to you the rural American far Right. They suck at normal thinking and cognitive engagement but excel at doublethink. 

Remember- Orwell saw 1984 as the future of the United States. Animal Farm was the Soviet book. 1984 was the American one. That's because Trump's supporters blindly believe him. It's like religion: no one is allowed to criticize or question him. Fact: 100% of Trump voters are fucking morons.I feel like this exposes a huge underlying mental issue that no one is talking  about This is terrifying.  If they believe this, they will believe anything.   This is how you get a fascist regime that commits atrocities.  Trump and his administration are the Keystone Cops of government, but what if you matched Trump's popularity with somebody like Dick Cheney or Henry Kissinger?I really really hate Trump supporters. Blight on the country.If you tell a lie enough times it becomes the truth. Lol awesome. Straight up doublespeak. and 7% of people believe Chocolate milk comes from brown cows, my how the education system has failed so many.It's not enough that Electoral map favors Rural voters over Urban voters.  We are now going to attack urban voters legitimacy despite Urban area having 62% population condensed in only 3% land. /s  
See half of the people who voted for him have very low IQ's.On the positive side, half of Trump supporters say he didn't.I hate everyone one of these fucking Trump supporting dipshits. They've destroyed this nation.Half of Trump voters are really fucking concerning. Because they're morons.~26% of eligible voters voted for trump, so that's still only 13% of eligible voters that feel this way20% of Americans couldn't find their own asshole with both hands.Half of Trump's voters would believe the sky is red if Trump said so.Denial's a helluva drug...Pretty obvious that we've always known at least 25% of the American population is stupid. Not everyone can be normal, otherwise there's no such thing as normal.There is nothing that can convince me that the majority of Trump voters are not completely delusional. There's no other way to explain their ability to deny basic facts.

I say majority because there are a lot of Trump voters who realize they were duped.You know what would be nice, if more Democrats went out and voted in the first place and we wouldn't be in this situation in the first place. It's ridiculous that voter turnout was near 50%!!!  This is the dumbest period in American history. That's because Republicans succeed when the educated 1% is able to convince the undereducated 99% that their problems are all caused by Democrats. A scary percentage believe that Obama was President when 9/11 happened. God knows how these people will deal with hard reality when Sessions comes to take their weed.The press needs to wake up to the concept that every time they repeat Trump's statement first, a large number of people only hear that and never listen to anything else.  They need to stop broadcasting Trump's lies as the first statement of the story/newscast.  He didn't. We all know it. Anyone who insists otherwise has no credibility and doesn't need to be listened to.I can't be the only one who equates a Trump bumper sticker or "MAGA" hat to low intelligence.Now can we stop trying to "reach out" to Trump voters? They've distanced themselves from reality and there's no sign of them returning. They refuse to believe facts.Trump supporters bought into the popular vote lie Trump is peddling, line and sinker.Yea, this is honestly quite scary how *willfully* misinformed these people are. 

Honestly, we are very fortunate that Trump came in during a period of relative stability.  This is the only thing saving us from Trump really unleashing the full damage that he can and will inflict on the people of both other countries and ours.  Should he get his Reichstag Fire, should the US fall into a severe economic recession, or should we go into proper war with another country - god help us all.  This illustrates a key consequence of having a propagandist news organization.  And widespread anti-intellectualism.  “Even the humblest Party member is expected to be competent, industrious, and even intelligent within narrow limits, but it is also necessary that he should be a credulous and ignorant fanatic whose prevailing moods are fear, hatred, adulation, and orgiastic triumph."

- George Orwell, *1984This half is probably the same half that can't find the U.S. on a world map with no nation labels.One Trump supporter who was going to the Youngstown rally was interviewed on PBS the other day. She was asked about the Politico estimation that 70% of Trump's campaign statements were untrue, and only 4% were completely true.

She replied that she's seen stories where the fact checking was wrong.The confusing thing is that people who were always so distrusting of everyone and thing the government said or did for decades all of a sudden believe every thing this white house says. Only "outsiders" tell the truth I guess."I was just trying to sound deep! I didn't think you'd actually elect that doof!"

- Voltaire's ghosThe same people who think Iraq had something to do with 9/11.

>[In the latest CBS News/New York Times Poll **(from 2007)** 33 percent said they believe Saddam was personally involved in the 9/11 attacks.](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/polls-truth-sometimes-at-odds/)

The same people who think Obama was at fault for the government's response to Katrina.

>
[A Third Of Louisiana Republicans Blame Obama For Hurricane Katrina Response Under Bush](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/08/21/obama-hurricane-katrina_n_3790612.html)

The same people who think that Sandy Hook ~~didn't happen~~ was a hoax.

>[Sandy Hook Denier Sentenced For Threatening Slain Child’s Father](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/sandy-hook-conspiracy-theorist-sentenced_us_5939410ce4b0c5a35c9c97f8)

The same people who think Obama was born in Kenya.

>No source needed.

A lot of people have created their own reality around a bunch of made up "facts" that are provably false, but that doesn't matter because they feel right. He has literally convinced them that 1>2It sets a lower bound to his approval rating. He won 46% of the popular vote. So half of those will say they approve of him no matter what he does: 22%. 

He's currently at 38%. It's confusing in general for some people I'd imagine. "Trump? Votes? Yeah he's the president right? So he won. Clinton won something as well? I don't know. The college thing? That's not president, so... sure?"Yep, that's what it means. Twenty eight percent did *not* say Trump won the Electoral College and half of those said Clinton had won it. Pretty fertile ground for disinformation.Here is the link to the raw data: http://www.politico.com/f/?id=0000015d-7a13-dad8-a1df-fe9b171c0000    
Indeed, 14% of Americans believe that Hillary Clinton won the electoral college.Around half believe that Trump Jnr didn’t meet with Russians, something he has admitted to on Twitter, in statements from his lawyers, even on fucking Hannity.Rush Limbaugh, Breitbart, and Fox 24/7/365. It's easy to live in an alternate reality now.It's that authoritarian mindset.  Many of these followers believe that Noah sailed with dinosaurs 6000 years ago.  Sad but true.This is why Im terrified. Alot of people think there will be some "Great backlash" against trump in 4 years. Really? The GOP base believes everything he says. I'd be shocked if he didnt have RECORD turnout in 2018The poison and toxicity is spreading fast. Cognitive dissonance is becoming a real issue. This may be the worst long-lasting effect of the Trump era Maybe that's why propaganda is supposed to be so dangerous.It's only a big deal insofar as at helps the statisticians understand how many Americans have their heads up their asses and how many are legitimate targets for 2018. I have in-laws like that.  My nephew (in-law) fancies himself a Republican.  Loves wearing all his high school Republican club, Bush is great shirts whenever I'm over.  When I correct them with facts they quickly jump to, "we don't talk politics".  Man the things I put up with for love.It's possible that many people don't know what the DOJ is and have only heard Sean Spicer's name in passing.He stole a minifridge full of evidence.In their defense, I probably would have answered Rod Rosenstein.The GOP could adopt that paragraph as party policy, and it literally wouldn't differ from their actual party policy.

They've conned *millions* of people into believing that global warming is all an elaborate hoax perpetrated by "dem libruls" and that cutting taxes for the rich somehow makes the other 98% better off. It's a damn cult at this point.Don't forget all those child actors in Sandy Hook[deleted]> Uneducated, uninformed, ignorant, can't think critically **and proud of it.** This is your average Trump supporter.

FTFY

Maleducated in schools that discourage critical thinking, and groomed to believe misinforming news feeds that promote ignorance.    Many Americans have been specifically raised in such a way that the only reaction they have been taught in the face of information that's irreconcilable with their worldview, is to cover their ears.

Honestly it's not even their fault they became this way, but that doesn't mean they can't be held accountable for refusing to change.I had a friend who is a Trump voter tell me he was pissed Congress wasn't listening to him, because he is their boss. Avg American is barely competent. Some percentage are complete idiots. I think the bigger problem is that they think they are the informed ones and the rest of us are just sheep who specifically watch CNN or MSNBC (because they specifically watch Fox News...).Trump "loves the poorly educated."American.  Human. We're fucked 24% of DemocratsAnd depending on where they live, their votes matter more in Presidential elections.I'd argue that there aren't many conservatives left. There are a lot of Republicans, which is an authoritarian nationalist party with theocratic leanings.It's like watching a game of soccer where your team scores a penalty that was blatantly a dive. It's not that they don't know it was a dive but they'll swear that it was legitimate to everyone asking. Call it what it is, deceit, not necessarily stupidity. I disagree with the politics and policies of many Conservatives.  Having said that, there are some Conservatives that are within the boundary of "reason."  Joe Scarborough sounds like a reasonable Conservative today (but he may not have been one back when he was in Congress).  I disagree with many of John Kasich's policies but I think he is reasonable on some policies.

I would guess many Conservatives in /r/politics that are anti-Trump are reasonable too.  I think some of the Conservatives that are anti-Trump truly care about the country but they may have a warped vision of what they think the proper solution is.  

However, Trump supporters are not reasonable.  Trump supporters care more about Russia than they care about America.Can we quit calling them conservatives and continue to call them alt-right or right wing extremists? Conservatives have a place in government. These people do not.Trump said the entire state of california was won by illegal votes alone, so thats all the GOP needs to know Have you seen the side-by-side photos of the two inaugurations?  No need for a clicker!I was at Obama's and Trumps inauguration, people will bring up that Trumps was bigger and I can literally go I was at both, it wasn't. But it's crazy how facts are up for debate now, it's scary.What's sad too is I remember this happening after the 2000 election. A sizeable number of people believe/believed bush won the popular vote then too. > The numbers are estimates--no one literally stood there with a clicker and counted every attendee

because it was painfully obvious by just looking at the pictures. >And it's not an estimate, these are hard numbers counted by computers and shit.

I always try to hammer down the fact that those numbers come from the same source as the numbers that made Trump president. So if they would call the numbers that show that clinton won the popular vote  "fake news", they would also automatically call the numbers that made Trump president "fake news"I was there for the women's march a day before (so the day of the inauguration).

The place wasn't that busy. I don't understand how anyone could actually think that especially after seeing the photos. To believe his inauguration was even a little big is laughable...

It wasn't until the day of the women's march that the trains and streets were crowded. These people are delusional.I had an argument yesterday with a Trumpster that insisted every single news organisation globally are all feeding from the same trough and willingly lie in a closed circle of knowledge. Including independent public broadcasters. All making up evidence. 

Except Breitbart and Fox News of course. He said they were reliable sources to consider.> those who HATE Hillary Clinton

Hillary lost the election many months ago, and will almost certainly never return. So all we are left with now is that they are morons... This isn't just being below average in intelligence, this is living in a different fucking reality. Facts don't matter to these people. I'd say this is more like a bimodal distribution. The stupid is really clustering around the bottom parts of the curve.Widespread fear is how propaganda works. Instead of being afraid, how about we honestly appraise the situation, and make a rational plan to deal with it.So true.  This is really an interesting (but SAD!) case study in human behavior.Sooo...serious question. Is there research on how to reintegrate cult members? It's pretty obvious that throwing facts at them is not sufficent. How did we deal with the generation of Japanese post WWII that were brainwashed into thinking American GIs were going to eat their babies?

...Answering my own question, in that example I think we benefited from having complete power of the press when the US occupied Japan after the war. This isn't an option for us here because of the First Amendment and the only way that'll change is if they try to do something dumb like take up arms en masse, at which point, we have bigger problems than propaganda.Because it's shocking to find out that at least half of the people in your country are members of a cult.I think you're right. A lot of people in this thread are saying that his base is dumb because of this, but that's irrelevant and it diminishes the greater threat. The people who say Trump won the popular vote aren't simple innocents being fooled, they're willfully participating in the con. Good point.Actually disagree with this. You must not be around many Trump voters. They are really dumb enough where most believe this. They aren't evil, just really, really dumbSteel wool doesn't melt jet planes.I think you should care, because they make up a significant portion of voters. Enough to swing what many thought was a sure election. Demonizing them only makes them get further entrenched in their beliefs that they are under attack. Until we actually listen to what they want and try and come to some common ground, they will continue to demonize the left and oppose anything the left stands for on principal. I'm not saying budge on important issues, I'm just saying have enough faith in your political beliefs to actually try and get inside their head and see where they are coming from. The job of politicians in this country is to represent the people, no matter what you call them.  If your interests are so far removed from your typical American, then expect your views not to be represented. Or if they thought it would piss off a liberal.but they do get a voteSwallowed the hook, too. ...with absolutely no proof to support his claims. These same people will deny climate change with their dying breath. Facts don't matter to some people.What scares me is that it's not just his supporters. Casual observers believe it too. People that don't pay attention, which is like half the country, assume that he must have won the vote because he won the election. 

I'm currently taking a university statistics class. In an attempt to explain margins of error in polls my professor decided to use the election of last trump. When she asked if trump got 51% half of my class yelled yes and she went on with the whole example casually using that number. This woman has a PhD in mathematics and she, along with half the students in the class, believes trump won 51% of the vote. 

That really depressed the shit out of me, I gotta admit. as a non American, trump supporters really make America looks stupid.> relative stability

Banks are bigger than they were at the peak of "too big to fail."  We now hold far more debt than we did in 2006-2007.  Home prices are now above pre-recession levels.  Income and wealth inequality are worse now than they were during the Great Depression.  Healthcare prices are rising at *multiples* of the rate of inflation, and have been for decades.  We're still in the longest war in our nation's history, and we're currently in more different wars than we've ever waged at once.  State governments are seizing land for private corporations' benefit at a record rate, and police forces are brutalizing people who resist.  We're technically at "full employment" but only because we've redefined what it means to be unemployed (we did that in 1994) so that the millions of people who are working multiple part time jobs, and the millions more who have given up on work altogether don't count in the statistics anymore.  Wages have been stagnant for 40 years.  Corporations wield essentially unchecked power over our government, and we're **ONE** Republican governor away from them being able to call a Constitutional Convention.

You think this is a period of stability?  This is a goddamn powder keg.

Edit: sI've never been one to march in protest. Im sure a lot of us on here have never even given it a second thought. But if he ever tried to pull some crazy shit I'm sure it would make the million man March look like his inaugurationJust to speak to your first sentence. My theory is that when we, as humans, don't understand something that many others seem to, it's embarrassing. The easiest way to avoid that embarrassment without having to do any homework is to have a negative opinion of the thing that you don't understand. In other words, dismissal of the subject entirely.Just for completeness's sake, I looked up how many Republicans think Obama was born in Kenya.  [It's fucking 42%.](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/opinion/zorn/ct-polling-ignorance-facts-trump-zorn-perspec-0106-md-20170105-column.html)  A solid 2/3 of Trump voters think Obama is a Muslim and only 13% think he is a Christian (www.rollcall.com/news/politics/poll-two-thirds-trump-supporters-think-obama-muslim)They also think Clinton is running a pedo ring out of a D.C. pizzeria. 

"When you stand for nothing, you fall for everything"The same people who think frogs are turning gayWas it always THIS bad? I know its always been bad, but has it always been like it is now? Ive had the feeling that a black president was really too far for a lot of conservatives and it pretty much broke them. ese are also the same people that think liberals are all "feels over facts".One issue is that many of these people know they are wrong but for Republican voters, facts don't matter because they filter each question down to a prompt to express tribal identity.

Asking them if a politician they like is broadly popular or unpopular is not a question of A-B = C but rather some kind of loyalty test to their party.  That's why GOP voters flipped by 78% from 11% to 89% on bombing Syria in response to chemical weapons based on whether it was Obama or Trump who did it.

These voters are unfortunately unreachable because they are authoritarians who don't think we should have free and fair elections in the first place. 

Edit: they flipped 22 to 86 or a 64 point move not 78The same people that think Jane Fonda handed over papers with Social Security Numbers to a North Vietnamese officer.

I can't believe that one still exists.2+2=5, we've always been at war with Eastasia.To be fair, the idea that we can have someone win the popular vote and lose the election is beyond confusing for many people. You have one of two options every election:

* 1) The Electoral College distributes votes equally with the popular vote and the popular vote winner is elected. Consequence: the EC is representative of voters. But then ***why was the EC needed at all?***

* 2) The EC distributes votes differently, the popular vote winner loses, the popular vote loser is elected. Consequence: the EC is not representative of the voters. If the EC isn't representative of the way the country is actually voting, ***why was the EC needed at all?***

The EC isn't a system where each state receives equal representation, *a la* the Senate, so there's no concern of "bigger states get more power" because ***it's not the states with the power, it's just that a lot of equally-valid US voters happen to live there***. The system we have right now leaves 80% of the country ignored every four years in favor of special treatment of voters in 5 or 6 states. Imagine if every vote in every state could be contested without the Electoral College. College is where teh librul's brainwash kids, so yeah she definitely won that! MAGA!I know it probably is just a fallacy of some kind, but amazing how often the number for things like this is in the 27-30% range.  6% of Trump voters, 22% of Clinton's. I'm afraid to look into the Crosstabs any more for what I'll find... Fuck me, some of these poll answers are scary...

* 22% said it would be appropriate if Trump were to remove Robert Mueller as special counsel
* 20% of respondents said the congressional investigation into the Trump campaign's alleged connections with Russia during the 2016 election "should not be done"
* 28% believe Trump won the popular vote in 2016 (3% put "Someone Else")
* 14% believe Clinton won the electoral college in 2016 (2% put "Someone Else")

Granted, the sample size is relatively small (just under 4,000 respondents), but even taking out 5-7% of people dicking around still leaves too many people with either false or dangerous beliefs.

*For the record, I believe that Trump could/should be impeached for a number of reasons. I also believe that his supporters who actually believe he's innocent should let Mueller conduct his investigation- if he hasn't done anything wrong, he's got nothing to hide!* ^^*including* ^^*his* ^^*tax* ^^*returnsSome guy on rconservative was raking in upvotes claiming there was no proof DonJr actually read the email.  Even after DonJr posted himself responding to it.   These people are not well.[deleted]Over 20% of Trump supporters said they would continue to support him if he really did shoot someone in the middle of the street. Over 30% of Republicans support Putin. Support for Gianforte rose after he choke-slammed a reporter.

There is a serious intellectual contagion worming its way through America and it's only going to get worse before it gets better. The right's systematic dismantling of our educational systems and the constant fear-TV/radio are sending this bus right over a cliff while the right screams "YEEEEEHAAAAW!!! DRIVE FASTER!"That's a false statement. They don't believe in dinosaurs. No....dinosaurs bones were buried by God as a test.  Pretty much God being a dick == test.>This is why Im terrified. Alot of people think there will be some "Great backlash" against trump in 4 years. Really? The GOP base believes everything he says.

The GOP base is a LOST cause. They might come back to reality if America started to look at the problem like the Germans did after WW2 (denazification). But until then, they're a lost cause.

>I'd be shocked if he didnt have RECORD turnout in 2018

Honestly, while they are a lost cause and we'll never win them over, there aren't enough of them to win an election on their own. If we wake up enough moderates and people on the left, he can be crushed. I'm more concerned with Trump declaring himself "Dear Leader" somehow. Nah, even if they believe everything he says, those in power always get complacent. Midterms for modern presidents are always backslides for them. The opposition base gets energized and gets out a vote effort. There will be a swing back, it is just a question of a couple of seats or a landslide. A pee tape with underage prostitutes should do it. It's a shame that all the other atrocities that are real and in our face isn't enough for them. 

But, Lordy, I hope there are tapes. It has to be something nearly universally accepted as atrocious to come out to slap these people back to some sort of reality.  Can't experience cognitive dissonance if you don't care about conflicting viewpoints. You're describing doublethink.It is doubleplusungoodIt's the result of decades of indoctrination. Trump has empowered them to put their insanity in full view, but it's not an overnight development."We don't talk politics."

"Then go change.""Don't pop my bubble!"Truly low information humans.But doesn't it tell you a lot about them that rather then admitting they don't know they just blurt out guesses?No it was full of Dippin DotsOr that basement full of kidnapped child sex slaves in a pizza place that doesn't have a basement.en proceeds to bring up Hillary constantlyIt's amazing to me that Republicans have won the presidential popular vote **ONCE** in the last 25 years (that's 1 out of 7 for anyone keeping score), but they somehow won the presidency 3 times.

Congressional R's also get millions of fewer votes, nationally, but end up with the majority in Congress.

Gerrymandering and the fucked up distribution of the electoral college are long term problems that nobody has the political will or capital to fix.

Edit: And that one time Republican's won the popular vote (2004) there are serious questions about the validity of votes in Ohio.Well yeah, of course their votes count more, and they should. They're the **Real Americans^TM**. Do you want the president to be chosen by a bunch of liberal sissies (who hate America) from Los Angeles and New York? I don't think so!We are so far from conservatism at this point. I think actual Conservatives want things like a smaller federal government. Fewer overarching laws and restrictions at the federal level, more power at state level. Less taxation, which means less (federal) government aid and they're ok with that. 

Whatever the GOP has been turned into is completely unrecognizable, with specific tactics started 40(?) years ago, going blatant with the "tea party" movement in response to Obama and housing aid. Who's even in charge anymore, the Koch brothers? The Russians? JP Morgan? Proctor & Gamble? Roger Stone? Based on the sorts of people who call themselves "conservative", that has become the new definition of that word.

"Conservative" = theocratic authoritarian corporate protectionistsTrump is Maradona.It's esprit de corps to the point of delusion. Joe Scarborough said he is no longer a Republican. All the reasonable (see also: honorable) Republicans are leaving the party. "California is actually a red state" is one of the wildest conspiracy theories so far.Makes sense. CA is a little one 50% hispanic...and of course Brown = illegal and Democrat. 

/s..of course.They were all around back out of camera shot. Punch was served. It was fabulous. /sWe should also adjust for average girth.

http://www.denverpost.com/2016/09/09/a-correlation-between-obesity-and-presidential-preference/Nothing matters anymore.  They don't let facts get in the way of their feelings.  And the right wing pundits tell them how they should feel.What's really sad is because the correct response for saying Obama had bigger crowds should be "So?"

Fact:  Washington DC votes overwhelmingly blue (like most major metropolitan areas).

Fact: Most people in DC get the day off on inauguration day.  (if for not other reason than because commutes are fucked on that day)

Fact: 680k people live in DC alone, with another 5+ million in the metro area.

Fact: Obama was a democrat.

Fact: Obama was historic, what with being the first black president and all.

With those facts in mind, is it so surprising that Obama had bigger crowds?  Is it somehow a statement against Trump that Obama had bigger crowds?  The answer to both questions is "No."  It would have been a side note, like when local news has time to burn and so they show pictures of kittens and puppies available for adoption.  But Trump **made** it a thing.  The only reason why anybody cares is because Trump cared enough to publicly deny reality on his first day as president.://talkingpointsmemo.com/dc/poll-majority-of-republicans-think-obama-didn-t-actually-win-2008-election-acorn-stole-iThey literally can't stop bringing up Obama and Hillary.This is the distinction. Do you care about policy or confirmation bias?["If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts" - Albert Einstein according to Ivanka Trump](https://twitter.com/IvankaTrump/status/348862619060432896).

Granted, [he didn't say that quote](https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Albert_Einstein#Misattributed).  

He did say quotes that can be traced back to him like: 

>"In the matter of physics, the first lessons should contain nothing but what is experimental and interesting to see. A pretty experiment is in itself often more valuable than twenty formulae extracted from our minds." 

>"Everyone sits in the prison of his own ideas; he must burst it open, and that in his youth, and so try to test his ideas on reality."They "know" that a lot of Hillary's votes were illegal immigrants in California.

So they "know" that Trump won the votes if you only count "real" Americans. Which you know. Includes some whiteness if we're being direct...I live in a super gentrified area in the south. The trump supporters here are doctors and professionals. They will never cede an inch, but they know damn well that the dude is a loser. Always making excuses.I appreciate the sentiment, but compromise is cheap talk when you're utterly powerless.  Didn't see a lot of talk like yours a few years ago when popular wisdom was that the GOP was over and so was the right.   Now all the sudden it's time to pretend to listen so you can steal back some influence? 

Anyway, you can look around this thread and see what the typical liberal thinks of reaching across the aisle.  Your side is plainly dangerous and still has too much power.  I'm sorry if this comment offends you; please don't threaten my family or come after my job. Thank you sir may I have another?Sucked down the whole fishing rod like a strand of spaghetti.> These same people will deny climate change with their last gasp as water closes over their heads.

FTFY

Don't you *dare* call them "stupid" 'cause that would be *mean* and its why the Dems lose.I hope you aren't paying for that class.>  and we're ONE Republican governor away from them being able to call a Constitutional Convention.

State legislatures call for constitutional conventions, not governors.

But even if they did, that would likely end up triggering a civil war as many states would refuse to accept the results of any convention process that was not proportional to the population.

That said, ratifying the product of a convention would require 38 states to ratify--an even higher bar than calling for the convention.Honestly, people are saying this is alarmist, but we need to realize all these things are happening. They ALL are a problem and they are all intertwined. Each piece is one part of a larger puzzle and each piece is a way to divide and keep us barely able to float, so when the time comes to fight back we are far weaker than if we were all prospering. 

I believe the healthcare fight is so important because if we are strong and healthy we can fight, but if we can't afford basic healthcare how are we going to fight back when we are too busy figuring out how to survive while we take care of our loved ones. >We're technically at "full employment" but only because we've redefined what it means to be unemployed (we did that in 1994)

No, we didn't.  The only thing that was really redefined was what it means to be marginally attached to the workforce, or a discouraged.  But you can read more about it here:

http://www.economicsvoodoo.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/Bureau-of-Labor-Statistics-Unemployment-Changes-1994-art3full.pdf

The headline unemployment rate - the one reported by news organizations (U-3 under the new survey, U-5 under the old survey) is slightly ***HIGHER*** because of the changes made in 1994.is is the price of bailing out failing business. The problem isn't solved, It just pushes back the deadline, with interest. I lean socialist, but if we're gonna do the capitalist thing we have to face this eventually. e police as seizing land and property....which is what Sessions wants to do again only with marijuana users....The US Army fought various native tribes for well over 100 years. They fought an insurgency in the Philippines for decades. In many respects the current "wars" resemble those situations more than a formal war between nation states. It's also arguably different aspects of the same war, a war we chose to engage in when we decided to take up the fool's errand of ridding the world of Islamic terrorists and a couple governments that we've decided (correctly or not) support terrorism.People are already rising to action. Politically I am moderate leaning left, but I am also fired up and 100% anti-GOP. I was recently out canvassing for a Democrat who would probably happily pass laws making the contents of my own gun safe illegal. That's how strongly I feel about what's going on now... and if a lazy shit like me is taking action, others are too. Taking a vacation to go for a walk while holding a sign might not be the most effective method of changing the status-quo.

We need to change the way our lives are organized, change our everyday activities and relationships to one another.

A weekend protest feels good for a little while, and then that energy and effort is just gone.  Nothing productive and lasting was built.

If you want change, support worker owned businesses with your purchases and with your choice of where to work for a living.  Join a union.  Become part of an income sharing workers collective.  Be the change you want to see in the world.>only 13% think he is a Christian

This part baffles me.. did they forget about the Reverend White scandal? This is why everyone who says we are alike just vote different for the same reasons is crazy. Every time I hear NPRs little radio spot where they talk about this I want to shoot my radio. We can not reason with blind hate and ignorance, it is just impossible. 

So the question is, seriously, if america was 20% Nazi right now, how would we best go about dealing with the issue? Because ignoring it is what caused WW2. I say we do not wait until they go all they way but stop trumpers before they get that bad, and it is not far off. I tried asking someone to give me a single difference between trump and his trumpers and hitler and his nazis up until they attacked poland, there is none that a group of us could find. Go ahead and try yourself, eating habits or some crap does not count, and is not funny. So just because they have not started war yet they are not as bad? I dunno, the loss of life from healthcare will be monumental much less the small stuff like all the added diarrhea and sickness from unclean water since we no longer monitor it properly.Don't forget the child sex ring NASA is running on marsI had the pleasure of driving behind a redneck with a sticker 4 men died cause Hillary lied all the way up to work. Thank god I don't live in Trump land. Not only that but specifically out of a D.C. pizzeria's basement....

and the place doesn't even have a basement.> "When you stand for nothing, you fall for everything"

["I don't stand by anything."](https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/erik-wemple/wp/2017/05/01/i-dont-stand-by-anything-trump-withers-under-heat-from-cbs-newss-john-dickerson) --Donald J. TrumThat one is actually kind of real. Some frogs ( [example](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_reed_frog) ) can express to a different sex, i.e. a female can turn male in its lifetime. Exposure to certain chemicals caused the frogs undergo that change.  

The whole gay part is a bit of a stretch, imagining a hetero frog couple and the chemicals turning the female frog male, and then gay frog sex or something.IIRC wasn't that a legitimate concern? Chemicals in the water that made some frogs hermaphrodites? I honestly think the internet has a lot to do with it. All these types of people would just be some local nuts that could get together. Now with the internet, they can instantly be connected with thousands of like minded people and are able to scream from the social media mountain tops. But Trump is absolutely the punch in the gut reaction to Obama.The idea behind the college was for them to be able to pick who they believe to be the best President in the event that the popular vote of one or more states picks a complete bafoon, foreign puppet, or any other ~~fair descriptor of trump~~ reason to say that they may be a bad president.It's confusing to those of us that understand the electoral college> so there's no concern of "bigger states get more power"

Quite the opposite, in fact. 
ey're founded on the founding father's anti-democratic sentiments to keep power away from us dumb plebians. Ironic that everyone blames democracy when it was an anti-democratic institution that put Trump in power.I really want to talk to the 6% of Trump voters who think Clinton won the electoral college.  I know they are probably just trolls, but maybe some of them have this real belief.  Who do they think is president right now?Conservatives finally openly admitting they value incompetence.  Zebras instead of horses. It's insane. Their children must get away with murder, as they believe any crazy lie that defends their cherished ones. 

"Oh, I didn't eat those cupcakes mommy - a crazy black man came in through the back, ate all of them, then smeared my face with frosting before running out the back again. Yes, I know this is the third time this week - we should get an alarm system or something. *belch*"Sometimes I really Wonder if there is something in the air, food, or water that is causing peoples mental facilities to degrade and suffer some form of brain damage on a large scale...I'd not be surprised if a majority of Trump supporters were flat-earthers. These people are hopeless and actively reject education. They need to be marginalized instead of pandered to. Proof requires youtube videos,I got banned from r/conservative for stating that Putin kills journalists.

Putin kills journalists.

And r/conservative supports the killing of journalists.

They've gone full Brownshirt over there.I got banned from there without ever visiting that sub.

It's a safe-space for haters.Watch the Roger Stone documentary on Netflix and it will all make sense. Disinformation campaigns are a powerful drug for the stupid. Conservative media has attacked mainstream media so most will refuse to believe anything they assert. Even if Jr himself comes out and admits it.://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Crazification_factorThat's 20 who Admit they would support him if he shot someone. I think the number who would actually support him is much higher. We have entered frightening territory here. A large portion of one of the major parties is so polarized they will support anything. The rise of fascism doesn't happen in a vacuum. Tacit and vocal support for the inevitable abuses of power are what makes a country go fascist.It's all upsetting, but the Putin thing most of all. The Russians are an enemy of the state. How the fuck does one of the two major political parties in our country have a sizable portion of their base that supports them?I feel like this is how Hitler won over so many.> sending this bus right over a cliff while the right screams ~~"YEEEEEHAAAAW!!! DRIVE FASTER!"~~ O'Doyle rules!

And imagine if the person Trump shot was Obama, Hillary, or Pelosi. That 20% number would skyrocket. Actually it was *42%* of Trump voters would continue to support him if he shot a random person on the street. A further 25% said they *weren't sure.* So 2/3 of his voters aren't sure that shooting someone would be bad.

And don't ask if that person is Hillary or Obama, changes the whole equation.You would think this is the perfect time for them to finally live out their anti-tyrannical government fantasy but they're embracing it.Dinosaurs are FAKE NEWS! Liberal T-rex wants you to believe those lies. SAD!I had a high school GF who told me "We dont know those are really dinosaur bones. They could just be rocks"

We broke up not to long after that. Very smart girl, but religion had sunk its claws into herOf course not, they believe in [jesus dragons](http://imgur.com/a/lrOSp). Hi ho... i cannot think of a good name for his steed this early.Depends. The Ark creationist museum has dinosaurs in it. They are split up as various factions believe an arbitrary amount of science.You should see the Ark Encounter 'museum' .  Apparently dinosaurs were also on the ark along with a 600 year old man and 14,000 other animals.  I kid you not.It's even dumber than that. I went to a fundamentalist Baptist school in the south growing up. They taught us that man and dinosaur co-existed thousands of years ago. They claim the flood changed something about the atmosphere that significantly lowered lifespans (remember, Noah was like 600 years old at the time of the flood), and as a result, lizards just don't have enough time to grow into full size dinosaurs anymore.

At the creationist museum in Glen Rose, Texas, they had created this big greenhouse thing that they claim recreates the atmospheric conditions before the flood. Basically, they just put a hyperbaric chamber inside a green house. They said they were going to be able to raise dinosaurs in there. Well, that was like 15 years ago, so I wonder how it's coming along.

>One of the museum's projects is a "hyperbaric biosphere", a chamber which the museum hopes will reproduce the atmospheric conditions that these creationists postulate for Earth before the Great Flood, and enable them to grow dinosaurs. Baugh says that these conditions made creatures live longer, and get larger, smarter and nicer.[6] He claims that tests under these conditions have tripled the lifespan of fruit-flies, and detoxified copperhead snakes. A much larger version is under construction in the new building.[2]

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Creation_Evidence_Museum

>"God put [dinosaur fossils] here to test our faith!" … I think God put *you* here to test *my* faith, dude. Does that bother anybody else, the idea that God might be *fucking with our heads*? I have trouble sleeping with that knowledge. Some prankster God runnin' around, *[pantomimes digging]* "We'll see who believes in me now. I am the Prankster God – I am *killing* me!"

-- Bill Hicks, Revelations (1993)I'm so fucking pissed at all the Democrats that don't even bother to vote. Little shits that they are. They will say that it's fabricated. Even if Trump blurts out and complains that the cameraman got the lighting and camera angle all wrong, they will still not believe the legitimacy of the video.It would have to be underage boys or *very* young girls.  Anything less and they wont care.Low information humans are much better than wrong information humans. Is it finally the future?And the civil war. Want to know what Hillary is up to these days....go to any conservative subreddit. They're the only ones who still care about her.This should be the new response whenever a Trumper brings up Hillary. "She lost; get over it"I tried explaining this to a guy yesterday alongside the representative numbers from three battleground states:

- North Carolina: 10 of 13 districts are Republican

- Ohio: 12 of 16 districts are Republican

- Pennsylvania: 13 of 18 districts are Republican

He literally refused to believe that gerrymandering was a thing (or that Democrats were just as guilty) and he doubled down that well, the GOP's policies must just be really popular!  While completely missing the point that these were toss-up states that are roughly split 50/50 between Democrat and Republican votes in presidential elections.I still don't get why the tyranny of the majority is somehow worse than the tyranny of Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania. My dad literally said "Then California would always choose the president" in response to having a pure 1 person 1 vote system. I was literally dumbfounded. I can't understand someone who loves America but hates democracy like that.I love when they call people who live in cities sissies. Those rural fucks would be shitting their pants left alone in NY and told to find their own way home.  I'm not even sure, to be honest. The actual conservatives are considered RINOs now and basically Democrats.Except it's the Hand of Baby JesusAnd here I thought it was a line for Kool Aid.You should have seen the chocolate cake!Of course a paper from the least obese state in the country would publish this but I'm Coloradan so it made me smile. Can we pass Trumpcare on Trump voters only? We really need some Darwinism played out here to cure us of some of this fucking absolute stupidity.And now America has to help pull it out the other end, just like my dad yanking electrical tape out of the family dog's butt.[Whatever else is happening, rest assured the Hy Brazil is *not* sinking.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJh6EQ5gv7g)s://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2015/02/26/jim-inhofes-snowball-has-disproven-climate-change-once-and-for-all/?utm_term=.94355b776f84Ha, I thought of making a clever joke there, but hadn't had my coffee yet.There final scream as they start to drown will be "this water is cold, global warming is a FRAUD!"Depends on the state.  Some states require the Governor to approve of state legislature resolutions.>That said, ratifying the product of a convention would require 38 states to ratify--an even higher bar than calling for the convention.

Not only that, states wouldn't call a ConCon just willy nilly; there would have to be an agenda and a set of rules agreed upon by all parties. The ConCon approach is far, far more untenable than getting 2/3rds of Congress to vote for something.Yeah well obviously Reverend White is a secret Muslim too.Yeah, but look at the colour of his skin. /sHe only went to that church because he hated white people and had to appear Christian. DuWait... this is a thing?Shit they knowI saw a truck with 3 flags on the back: the American flag, the blue lives matter American flag, and the confederate flag. The level of cognitive dissonance necessary to pull that off...My mom had a "Kerry lied while good men died" sticker during the 2004 elections. Funny how it repeats.Thats what "they" want you to believe!Life uhhh... finds a way . . . but it still somehow squares with the Republican idea that every environmental regulation must be eliminated.So hermaphrodite = gay?Nah man, its the CHEM-TRAILS!Pollution was(and probably still is) has been having a damaging affect on amphibians.  YesA frog can change sex if needed. It's just funny that the only time these crazies are worried about the environment is when it turns somthing "gay". Sad.Gay frogs?!  Not in *my* America!That's not the same as the water turning frogs gay lmaoYet the electoral college helped elect a foreign puppet buffoon. Time to abolish it.More accurately, emptier states get more power.Those 6% if they aren't all trolls probably have no idea what the electoral college is. They probably think that Trump won popular vote which made him president and that the electoral college is some other meaningless metric that Hillary won.

Although, I bet half of them are just like "lol, fuck this survey"This sort of thing seems pretty common in polls. People are just not listening to the question or not giving a serious answer or something.

The poll results show on p. 141 that 7% of all registered voters say they have "never heard of" Donald Trump. That seems high to me.

Obviously, that percentage should be zero among people who voted for Donald Trump, right? Nope, on p. 143, the poll results say that 3% of those for voted for Trump in 2016 also said they have "never heard of" Trump.

That doesn't necessarily mean there's something wrong with the poll. It's just that there are limitations to what the data means."I love the poorly educated." - TrumIncompetence that is complimentary to their world view. Then it is the height of respectability and competence.

Given the circumstances, you should probably check that spelling.In Texas being against critical thinking is literally part of their platform.

>We oppose the teaching of Higher Order Thinking Skills (HOTS) (values clarification), critical thinking skills and similar programs that are simply a relabeling of Outcome-Based Education (OBE) (mastery learning) which focus on behavior modification and have the purpose of challenging the student’s fixed beliefs and undermining parental authority.

http://www.politifact.com/texas/statements/2012/aug/11/gail-collins/gail-collins-says-texas-gop-platform-calls-schools/Thanks ObamaThere aren't many things more dangerous than millions of stupid people with the power to voteYou joke, but as a teacher this is too real... I don't think it's only conservative parents who pick and choose what to believe, but it's an issue.Affluenza run amok.At this point it's unicorns instead of horses.Republicans have been working for decades to eliminate public education and have had a large media arm masking propaganda as outrage-porn entertainment for nearly as long. They've eliminated journalistic integrity requirements that once regulated news outlets and fought to de-fund PBS.

Walk into any red state business with a radio or TV on and the problem will literally be in the air.National mythology, cultivated sense of jingoistic patriotism/nationalism, collective fetishization of ultra-individualism, violent machismo...

&nbsp;

... and lead.LeadMaybe not flat earth, but certainly young-earth creationists.From what I understand that sub gets heavily brigaded, so they have switched to a scorched earth strategy when it comes to dealing with concern trolls or just anyone not promoting the narrative. I'm a conservative and I got banned because I argued Trump is dangerous and not a conservative.I know I should watch it but every time I see the man I'm struck with an overwhelming urge to scissor-kick my tv.> Disinformation campaigns are a powerful drug for the stupid.

Just something to consider here: well-designed disinformation campaigns work on the not-so-stupid as well. The purpose of propaganda isn't to withstand reason and logic, it is to bypass them entirely.Absolutely- it makes them feel smart. Only they can see the truth. They don't have the education and they haven't put in the hard work to become educated, but they need to feel better about themselves, so those who spent thousands of dollars and decades seeking education are the real villains. >. . . he persuaded his classmates to vote for JFK by assuring them Nixon planned to introduce school on Saturdays. “For the first time ever, I understood the value of misinformation,” Stone says, with a glint in his eye. 

[Article](https://www.theatlantic.com/entertainment/archive/2017/05/get-me-roger-stone-donald-trump-netflix/526296/)

This is fucking upsetting to read. I knew there was a lot of bullshit out there, but for someone to brazenly admit they put it out on purpose to manipulate people... Trump doesn't need to shoot someone though, if he signs any of the republican health plans into law he will be killing many more people with more than 20% republican support. 

Of course that's because he's made his supports believe Obama care is actively deciding to kill people  when a key feature of his version is just that. Because they don't actually know or internalize any of the fucked up things hes responsible for. They only like him because Trump does and, more importantly, because liberals/mainstream repubs hate him.I don't know where it was but I saw shortly after the election a graph that showed GOP voters view of russia, and the favorability rating of russia went up like 50% immediately after the election.  Like "Oh russia likes the republicans now? well shit let's go Russia!"Or even a CNN journalist. You shouldn't be surprised, but I've seen plenty of comments in conservative blogs that fantasize about mass murder and rounding up liberals and left leaning journalists. Those fake skeletons at the Museum of Natural History are LOW ENERGY!Religion is a hell of a drug. I knew a guy who got in the high 30s on his ACT, super bright, thought the earth was 6000 years old. You can't just erase years and years and years of indoctrination with intellect alone, the person has to realize the flaw in their reasoning that what they've been told by those they trust must be true. It's tough to accept that the people you've always looked up to have little idea about how the world works and you shouldn't take their word for it.Jesus riding his Philosoraptor> I am the Prankster God

He's basically describing the entire book of Job.  Believers are well versed in the ways that God can fuck with humans just because he's bored.We're realizing this. You have my axe in the 2018 mid-terms and on. I'm so sorry.I'm more pissed at my brother-in-law and his girlfriend, who voted third party to protest Bernie not being the D nominee. 

We're in Michigan......... (where it mattered)"But I don't think Hillary would be fun to have a beer with, so I'm staying home" leaving aside that many people are voter suppressed, i'm pissed at anyone who voted for stein or that dumb libertarian because they didn't want to vote for hillary.(voted Hillary, will continue to vote in every election that I can, just a disclaimer)

I just want to take a second and look back at literally everything being presented to us in the media though. I'm from Jersey, always a reliably blue state, and literally everything that I saw in the media and reddit made it completely certain that Hillary was a sure win, at least when you gave it a cursory look at the time. Sure, looking back on it now those polls that gave just a high probability for her winning shouldn't have been seen as a certainty, and sure if we analyze everything we were seeing from major news outlets there could have been red flags... but even I was so confident that she would win that I was considering voting third party just because I despise the two party system and this seemed the year that I could do something useful with my vote in that sense. Of course Stein and Johnson both proved themselves to be terrible candidates, and Hillary clearly aligned with my views, so that didn't happen. But for all intents and purposes, looking through the eyes of someone at that moment, this was the year to try to make a vote for something different because we were essentially told by almost everyone that there was NO SHOT Hillary was going to lose. Yeah it was wrong, but it would have taken a lot more cynicism and critical analysis than almost anyone back then would have gone through to really believe our current situation would have come to be.Trump voters (at least the outright fact deniers) are a lost cause. They do not need to be won over.

Moderates and people on the left need to get their asses to the polls and vote and Trump will be neutered in 2018 and gone in 2020.Some yes, some will hold on forever. Yet, (and this is all theoretical at this point as we don't "know" the existence of the tape/details) the rest of us need to label them as supporting a pedophile...which they would be. Guarantee that would put a significant dent into the 36% holding on at the moment.Thinking Sean Spicer is leading the DOJ investigation into Russia is what I would consider wrong information.That's debatable. In this case, their lack of information caused them to just fill in a void with something that wasn't right. Just as bad as deliberately wrong people. What about alternative fact humans?Only when their fucking patent runs ouThe party of Lincoln! \*waves Confederate flag\The one that already happened, or the one that will be happening within the next decade?Yup, very frustrating here in Ohio.  12 of 16 GOP reps is basically locked in no matter how we vote.  Our voting for Congress tends to be about 55-45 for the GOP, but none of the 16 elections are closer than 20 points.Because they're not the majority. City liberals may as well be a different species to these people, and the idea that these aliens could consistently choose their Marxist leaders terrifies them. 

On a similar note, it's not a coincidence that no one in the Republican Party is even remotely concerned about electoral college reform; at least not while they're in power. Someone winning the popular vote but losing the electoral vote has happened 4 times, and a Republican has been the beneficiary all 4 fucking times. That's not luck; the electoral college is literally designed to benefit the rural party in presidential elections. Republicans either win big or barely win; every time they lose, it's in a landslide, at least in modern times. If anything, it would be better. I'm 100% biased because I'm an urban liberal millennial, but I truly believe that those who live in cities should have more of a say in how this country is run. Cities are the economic, social, and cultural centers of this country. We are diverse, meaning we can better empathize with people who are different from us. I would bet that the average education level in urban/suburban areas is much higher than in rural areas. Shouldn't those who are better informed and who understand and value facts be better positioned to enact policies that benefit the country?A vote in Wyoming is worth around 3 votes in New York or California.I can't understand how any conservative can be ok with the fact that 4.5 million people that voted for Trump in California had their votes in this winner take all system effectively nullified just because they live in California. 4.5 million is more population than 25 different states in the country. 3.4% of the nations voters were effectively disenfranchised in just 1 state thanks to our current system. That's appalling. [ "It's a grid system, mother fucker."
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uD-akXggZA)
Liberal snowflakes. And watch Wal-Mart's stock sink like a rock.Virtually all the true believers I've encountered recently are all educated elderly people. People who used to be engineers and doctors and scholars. Fucking boggles the mind how these people fall to the indoctrination. It's funny, but that's likely what will end up happening effectively; strong democractic states will pass measures that fill in the gaps, and the Red states are going to suffer even more.

Good job Reds, voting against yourself will result in you dying sooner. Social Darwinism at its best.Those are the lasting memories I love that movie, though there's a fascinating side issue it raises.

In that movie *belief is reality*.  Notice how the people of Hy Brazil can keep singing even after they've submerged?  The Christian in the crew *never* sees the dragon, nor can he see Valhalla.  He even walks through the barred gate because he can't see it... it's not just that he can't see it, it doesn't exist at all for him.

In Erik the Viking the people of Hy Brazil don't drown because they don't believe the island is sinking despite the vikings seeing the obvious truth, equally true, the viking of Erik's ship only witness the sinking because they believe it would happen while the people of the island *know* that it's not true and they never sink despite what Erik thinks he saw.  The story is told from Erik's perspective, but throughout the story each character's reality (not just their perception, but reality itself) is what they believe it to be.

Unfortunately for the GOP (and the rest of us) the real world will be less forgiving than Erik's adventures.Oh my God that's fucking perfect lolThats Terry Jones himself, the director, as the ruler of High Brazil. Terry Jones is the man. Yeah I remember that. 

Now Trump's all like "global warming is a Chinese hoax (but I'm just off to build some walls around my sea-level golf courses for, um, totally no reason whatsoever)"

Jesus we are so screwed.Well in a way it's almost too sad to joke about...*millions of people* will simply disregard reality itself because they love Trump so much :/The Constitution is quite specific about this responsibility falling onto the Legislatures, specifically. State laws in this instance probably don't matter. In practice if this happened and a governor tried to stop it, the case would certain go to court... and the text of the Constitution is actually really clear about that part.

Not that it's particularly clear about the convention *process*, which can apparently be anything Congress(?) wants it to be. It's not even clear about who holds the convention or sets out the rules for it. The only topic off-limits is changing the equality of state representation in the Senate. Though, I mean, the convention could just amend *that* text to change that rule too.

Having any sort of paper limits on a constitutional convention is pretty absurd.I think Alex Jones made a video on it. It's actually pretty funny.Enjoy https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/6khfa7/trumpendorsed_media_outlet_accuses_nasa_of/?st=j5l4g3wn&sh=d574ad4eDitto! This conspiracy sounds super entertainingYeah, NASA kidnaps kids to send them to mars to work colonies there and be molested by pedophiles, although they'd be adults by the time they get there. But we never have been to the moonI've never understood "blue lives matter" or this mentality of cops that they think they have the right to kill others or that their lives are more important. They made a choice to get into a somewhat dangerous profession. Their families are well compensated after their death. Why should their life be more sacred than another's?The Confederate Battle Flag is literally the most anti-American flag in existence.  Its only purpose was to make war against the United States of America.The funny thing is that John Kerry is a real life warrior.  

While Dubya isn't...The worst part is you're right. They would argue with me that I have never seen for myself that there is no basement to the pizzeria. Without even realizing the absolute irony that they are believing an entire sex ring is organized out of the basement of the pizzeria (a much more profound absurdity) without seeing it themselves.Dino-DNA!Well no, and I don't think articulation is something Alex Jones is exactly known for. I'm just confused why this line, which is rooted in some fact, is to go to line to mock a guy who denies Sandy Hook. "Who won the college vote? Yeah, college students voted for Clinton"A surprising number of people are just assholes to survey takers. Instead of saying something like "sorry, not interested" they would rather be gigantic tools.And they poorly educated love to feel loved. Which is why so-called conservatives are so intent on discrediting and dismantling our education system, and why Trump tapped DeVos to run the Education Department.You heard him say that, they heard him say "I love the poor."I want that to be my parents' ringtone.At this point I'm just impressed he didn't say "me like idiots"The only demographic he can relate to. They are super easy to manipulate.> Thanks Obama

 - a crazy black man

It checks out s/I swear I read somewhere that the founding fathers (at least in part) set up the separation of powers, the electoral college, the two house system...voting restrictions to landed gentry, were supposed to protect us against this :(Absolutely - I've seen it time and again from parents. There's no way their child didn't do the homework, I, as the horrible teacher, must have lost the assignment.

Why?  Because the kid says so.

Never mind the fact that in 15 years teaching I've never lost an assignment even once, and your kid has missed the last three assignments and is the only kid in the class to have not done it.  But yeah, I lost their paper.Affluent people who support Trump presumably do so to help their bank accounts. Poor people are getting fucked and cheering like they won a prize.

Trump doesn't know how to do anything but campaign and they love to chant mindlessly, it's a moronic feedback loop.Well said.

Some of our smartest people spend their lives studying how the human mind works and then use that knowledge to influence politics and sell canned soup. It's an embarrassing misuse of resources. This is disconcertingly accurate of rural Texas...for the record.

I was eating lunch in a local business in a small town just last week and the Fox commercials were standing out to me.

Silver investment, class action lawsuit ad for some bad drug, Consumer-branded MRE's for preppers (not kidding...fucking weird), AARP commercial, ad for some blood pressure medication, and so on. All stuff clearly targeted at specific groups. Which is not uncommon in itself, but the groups they're targeting are uncommon.

A family friend and her husband ate dinner with my wife and I a month or so ago and they were talking about how Fox (since it was on the TV at that restaurant) has "become so liberal it's pathetic". I almost choked on my food. She then proceeded, and I can't even make this shit up, that Sean Hannity was the only person left who was speaking the truth. I politely said that I wasn't going to listen to anything the man said until he was water boarded, because a man is only as good as his word, and he, therefore, isn't a good man.

We're never eating with those lunatics again... ey make a strong coalition when you add the Pull-the-Ladder-Up-After-You-Lower-My-Taxes-Fuck'em-All constituencyConsidering like 40% of Americans are creationists, that wouldn't surprise me at all. I might even say it's more like 80% of Trump voters.>  but certainly young-earth creationists.

It is crazy the number of YEC that live in this country, and then you realize most of them don't realize that is what they are. They just don't think about it all till you press them and then the light turns on, so very dimmly, and they go 'oh yeah the world is only 11k years old'. 

&nbsp;

God put in all this work to create the universe and these idiots are going around saying it was nothing 'na man he did it all in 6 days'. "bitch I worked for billions of years to get your ass on this plane of existence, don't nock my accomplishments just because you voted for Trump."They need a safe space.

And Putin killing journalists isn't concern trolling. 

It's a fact.

While conservatives have a pattern of forgiving white people, I will never be forgiving conservatives for their support of Trump and Putin.
Is it the Nixon tattoo on his back that does it for you, too?Watch it. Know your enemy. 

Edit: Just to clarify I'm only referring to Roger Stone as an enemy, not republicans in general.Can you give a recent example of a disinformation campaign that successfully misinformed intelligent, critical reasoning Americans?  I can't think of one, whereas the conservative side seems to have multiple for any given issue.  At the very least, you have to admit that the use and sucess of disinformation is extremely asymmetrical.Education and critical thinking are seen as indoctrination because they lead people almost inevitably to a different outlook from uneducated, blindly obedient, closed minded, hateful, spiteful, and often bigoted "real Americans".Also because he runs an authoritarian government where gay people are treated like shit, christianity is the state religion, and critics are forcibly silenced.

It's what they want for this country.The propaganda outlets that define their world tell them things about Putin that appeal to their love of pious strongmen. They see little news about Russia's problems and they believe little of what they see.God buried the skeletons for us to find, as a test of our faith.

Source: my *former* in-laws visit the creationism museum every year.I worked with a woman in WI like that.  I enjoyed talking with her for entertainment purposes.  She also gave me stuff to watch and to read.  I mostly read her stuff and watched the 6000y old earth videos.  It was nonsense, but entertaining.  I once asked her how many people went to her church.  "Oh, not that many" she says.  I ask her why not more people?  She says "My pastor speaks the truth.  Not too many people want to hear the truth."  I should add that this was a restaurant job and she routinely stole money (tables) from co-workers.  As long as you can confess on the weekends, you can be a shit person during the week.  I never have stolen anything from anybody, but she insisted I was the one who needed saving.  Cheers from WI.There have already been elections since the 2016 presidential. Put them all on your calendar and vote for them all (look at your county board of elections website to see them). If it's too much of a burden to get to the polls a couple times a year, put the time to request an absentee ballot on your calendar, fill it out when you get it, and mail it back when you can. All you non voters aren't part of this. You really don't have the right to say anything about any of this. You caused it.I voted third party because there was zero risk of Oregon going for Trump. And if it did, well... he would have won in a landslide. 

Same as the other poster, if I lived in a state that was at all in question, I'd have voted Clinton. But she wasn't exactly an inspiring choice. 

edit: not to mention she won the popular vote by 3 million anyway. She needed more electoral votes, and she wasn't getting them from Oregon.Eh I live in New York so there was no threat to my states electors by voting third party. I would have voted Hilary if I lived in Ohio or Wisconsin though. 

Also get a better candidate people will actually want to vote for. Not being as bad as the other guy doesn't motivate people. Dunno- they might consider a pedophile better than a Democrat. Still people in the Catholic Church, right?These people never thought about it until asked. I bet they'd love to read the letters Lincoln and Marx exchanged. Holy shit. How have I made this connection before. This is remarkable. You know maybe Lincoln should have cut his losses (and prevent the deadliest war in American history) and let the Confederacy secede.Just did a report of the gerrymandering in NC, and how district 12 might as well be the best model since the 1812 "gerry mander". Good thing no one is doing anything about it like it mattersI really do get rural folks having a say. Without farmers we wouldn't have anything to eat. But isn't that the point of the senate? Every state gets 2 reps. Why should they also get more say in selecting the president?Cause they won duh
Seriously that's all that matters to them.Lol. I always say companies should never fear a Trumper boycott unless that company is Walmart, the only place they shop. lolz.fear is a powerful tool Scammers often target the elderly.  Sad!While more difficult to initially convince, otherwise intelligent people often fall into a trap of believing stupid things because they are intelligent enough to justify it to themselves.I've had a... different experience. As much as I hate it, not all education teaches good critical thinking. My engineering background taught me problem solving, math, and physics, but actual critical thinking skills, not really. I imagine it is similar for other proffesionals.Bangladesh is all the proof we need. The whole global warming effects can be seen with your own eyes. It's all the same with the Solomon Islands as Taro is going to have to move all of their residents."Wind power kills all your birds. All your birds, killed."Nasa had to deny it https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/6khfa7/trumpendorsed_media_outlet_accuses_nasa_of/?st=j5l4g3wn&sh=d574ad4e> Alex Jones

Never listened to him before, but heard a lot about him.  Finally got around to listening to the Joe Rogan episode recently, man, the dude talks and talk and talks but never says a damned thing.  I had to turn it off.  He's word salad.s://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/6khfa7/trumpendorsed_media_outlet_accuses_nasa_of/?st=j5l4g3wn&sh=d574ad4e"Black lives matter!"  
"ALL lives matter!"  
"Like Muslims and gays and Syrians?"  
"... Blue lives matter!"The best part is, there are plenty of jobs more dangerous than being a cop.  But we don't see "roofer lives matter" or "lumberjack lives matter"...What astounds me is that these people believe that Clinton and co are these diabolical deep state genius masterminds who have been pulling strings and controlling the world for decades, yet they're somehow also stupid and careless enough to let that all be uncovered by some greasy 20- and 30-something manchildren and equally greasy loser ass teens living in their parents' basements.If you've heard the clip, it is easy to realize. He yells this line, like 3 times in a row. Then does it again laterTo me it is a big diffrence in being concerned in eventual mutation in animals because of chemicals and being concerned in a magic gay turning chemical. It sounds rediculous and everybody can easily understand how crazy that sounds eventhough you and I know it's partially true 1. Positing something completely wrong isn't "rooted in fact" and you can't brush it off as poor articulation.

2. He put it forth as a government conspiracy rather than an unintended side effect.And they also love trump, it seems. They won't much longer once they actually get their policies in place. > to ruin the Education Department

fixed that for youWell, actually they heard him say "I love the people who work hard and will eventually be rich even though it doesn't look like it now." FOX: Obama was addicted to cupcakes, in law school.Who the hell else would it be? The only other black man I know is LeBron James and why would LeBron James steal my cupcakes? Explain that!The electoral college doesn't work. It was supposed to be the last check against an unqualified tyrant being elected and it failed miserably."Ma'm we have Cooper on tape in the hallway punching another student in the face, when Mr. Taylor grabbed him he admitted it and apologized to the other student before being brought here for punishment."


"Cooper would never do that."I was dumbstruck by that part in the beginning where he was implicated in Watergate on national television because his name was on a list of people receiving payments from a secret account. He said his parents were mortified and embarrassed by it. He thought it was the coolest thing ever because it put his name out there.Yeah, but that means having to read Atlas Shrugged and nobody should have to suffer through that. "GMOs are evil"Of course it's generally more successful against uneducated and stupid people. But smart and educated people still have exploitable cognitive biases that they are rarely aware of.

I know a university professor who keeps crystals around her house to negate the side-effects of her wi-fi. I know engineers who believe in learning from the decisions of exceptionally successful people (Elon Musk etc), even though this is a well-known statistical fallacy - you cannot infer rules from exceptions. I've met practicing physicians who prescribe (and presumably believe in) homeopathic remedies, whose mechanism of action is incompatible with the laws of physics.

The Nazis managed to convince an entire country of pseudoscientific racist nonsense, and they got enough buy-in from parts of academia that "German Physics" became a thing.

The bottom line is this: you can be smart in many aspects, highly intelligent and skilled, and still be gullible. The education and training needed to combat this are only loosely connected with other parts.> Can you give a recent example of a disinformation campaign that successfully misinformed intelligent, critical reasoning Americans?

The hillary disinformation campaign got me. I never supported trump but i was very anti-hillary. And less politically, the anti-fat in diet disinformation pushed by the sugar industry.I think the whole "single payer healthcare=socialism" is is one campaign they successfully pushed. Honestly any government oversight or helping hand is seen as a slippery slope toward socialism by the right. Sadly this. It is a conservative's wet dream to have the USA run like this.The latest season of Anthony Bourdain's Parts Unknown in the last episode he goes to Rome and draws some interesting connections. I did not realize that many italians - particularly those in Rome, still support Mussolini.  In fact there are still monuments to him there. This is something you don't see in Germany nor I don't think Japan (though I could be wrong about Japan). 

When Bourdain asked some of the locals about the monuments the answer I thought was interesting. Essentially they said people *want to be lead around by a strong man on a horse. They want to be sheep. The whole thing made me sad.  Also Putin hates gays (and isn't too fond of foreigners or woman's rights either). That's pretty much all he has to do to make them love him.I thought the devil buried them to trick Christians? Dude, my mom is crazy religious, like "Adam and Eve really were the first humans" religious.  We were in the Smithsonian Museum of Natural History, and when we walked into the room about evolution she started *praying* out loud.  Took a rosary out of her purse and started *praying.I always reply to this by pointing out that if God is trying to make you believe something (like the existence of dinosaurs), isn't it blasphemous to deny it?> As long as you can confess on the weekends, you can be a shit person during the week.

This is the thing that really irks me about "religious" folks. They really do wholeheartedly believe that they can be evil sinners as long as they confess to their pastor at some point. Like that suddenly makes it okay.

They can steal and cheat their way through life, but their okay in God's eyes as long as they confess their sins at the end of the week. What the fuck kind of crock of shit is that?I had the same idea but I fucked up - never dreamed Wisconsin would go for Trump.    So this is all my fault.Read lol"This doesn't have Trump's name in it at all! Fake news from the lugenpresse!"Lincoln colluded with the Russians?Climate change deniers should be forced to live there for a decade :)Another Trump quote I take it? Missed that one but it certainly sounds like him :/

It's like he just finds an issue, works out what the worst possible response to it would be, then loudly proclaims that everywhere lolwhich proves the point of the gross malignant ignorance of the modern GOP To these window lickers, they think it's a conspiracy that we went to the moon. Yet somehow we got slave children to Mars. 

I can't understand it because I haven't suffered enough brain trauma. "Including the 'blue' Muslims, gays, and Syrians?"People who say all lives matter are also the people who think BLM was about black lives mattering. No shit all lives matter, but that doesn't bring attention to a problem that doesn't affect all lives.That's because he's a lumberjack, and hes okay.That roofer knew the risksYou kind of touch on a huge logical gap in the whole DEEP STATE idiocy. All these people like Alex Jones have been saying how the Clintons are pulling the strings for years. These people all believed Hillary would win against Trump thus strengthening their argument that she's in control. Instead she lost. Which you think would then prove that she isnt pulling all of the strings but nope. So now they have to get even crazier and talk about THE DEEP DEEP STATE and "chemtrails making the frogs gay" and their viewers are too stupid to form any thoughts on their own so they gobble it up.

It's fucked. We are fucked as a nation if we do not invest in education. These people are dangerously stupid.

Only because he pretends to love them.Maybe they just have a predilection for greasy used-car salesmen.Your assuming they'll correctly attribute the cause when there's no evidence to suggest they'll make the connection.Yeah, and George Washington Carver is surely dead by now...I think.This exactly. It hasn't happened to me, but I know of another teacher who had almost this exact thing happen to her. Or you could just buy the book and pretend you read it. That's what most of the book's Republican and Libertarian buyers do.Atlas Shrugged is one of the worst, if not the worst book I've ever readAnd vaccines cause gingivitis."We don't want labels on our food, telling us what's in said food!"The anti-fat hype is so real that when I was in treatment for anorexia, we had multiple nutrition/therapy groups dedicated to the fact that dietary fat =/= body fat and if you don't eat any dietary fats you will literally die because major vitamins require you to eat dietary fats with them to be absorbed. That none of us, some who were 30+ years old, had ever heard that before was mindblowing.It's like these Christians don't even know church history. When the church and government get too mixed up together, the rights of the people get stripped away. Scientific advancement goes out the window. Diseases run rampant. God is replaced with monarchs. 

The best time for Christians in all of history has been when a secular state imposed no rules on religion whatsoever. That only happens when you leave God out of politics.Many of the modern conservatives, despite screaming "DEMOCRACY! FREEDOM!" seem to have  views that align with authoritarianism. 

They just want the guy at the top to be "their guy."If you told people in the 50s-80s that the GOP will become the party that is slavishly supportive of Russia, they'll laugh in your face. The 'Evil Empire' suddenly seems like a lovely place when it's run by religious fundamentalists and oligarchs.Either one will work - if you're in the mood for a "God is great, he's testing us" go with the first option. If you're trying to control people's 'bad' behavior with a devil reference, go with the tricking Christians one. It's a win-win!I knew a girl that was convinced that aliens did it. Also, aliens made mankind via genetic engineering. Knowledge is bad in Christianity. In their creation myth knowledge caused man's downfall.Not to make you feel worse or anything, but polling in WI was a lot closer than OR... you probably should have watched that a bit closer :)

But it's really not your fault anyway. The electoral system forces us to make these kinds of choices. Your voice matters a lot more if you vote for a third party than it does if you're in a large state with a clear political bias (CA and TX for example). 

We really should use this as fuel for change. Good point. Well, I'm sure the miniseries will be out on Netflix any day now.yeah, seriously... Is there a Michael Bay, Clint Eastwood, Steve Bannon, or Adam Sandler movie adaptation of those letters?As long as it's a single page, double spaced.Marx was German, Prussian actually.Let's not reward willful ignorance by relocating them from their shitty trailer parks to tropical beaches.  Send them to New Orleans instead. Yep, definitely a real quote :/It's just the latest version of "WHERE'S MY WHITE HISTORY MONTH??"does he sleep all night and work all day?So does the cop. I think even if he made it clear he hated them, as long as he spews his racist divisive bullshit, theyd love him. i fully believe he loves the fact that they're poorly educated. whether that translates to loving the person is more of a philosophical question. You know, it's funny you put it that way. I was beginning to have this pseudo deja vu about how the Trump movement is starting to remind me of when the Cobra Commander took over Springfield in the GI Joe comic. 
Their children will die from repealed ACA, and they'll blame Obama. That is Trump's base.You bring up one of those subtle points that is lost on many today: separation of church and state was designed to protect the church from the state. This is why there's language specifically against designating a state religion like England had at the time*: to protect religious freedom.

\* Still does, but it did then, too And if you don't agree 100% with them then you are an unpatriotic American flag burning Commie/Socialist.Checkmate, atheists. Bangladesh isn't a tropical paradise. Saltwater has ruined once thriving crops. Sending them to live in Dhaka would be hell on earth. There's 14 million people there with a large majority living in huts where illness runs rampant. I'd take NOLA any day over that.Then I'll repeat...we are so goddamn screwed :/When he's not wearing womens clothing, and hanging out in bars*!It's a clerks reference about a roofer taking a job with a mafia boss.

Oringally coming from whether it's ethical for the second death star to be blown up with innocent contractors aboardIt's true. They don't want equality, or economic prosperity. They just want a guy who will bring back Jim Crow, legally or otherwise.